feat(e2e): generate branch with the updated e2e screenshots (#2915)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: tools/github-actions/create-branch-e2e-screenshots/readme.md

# Create branch e2e screenshots

## Overview

> Create a branch with the updated e2e screenshots and comment the PR to let the developer knows that the updated e2e screenshots could be cherry-picked into his branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a branch with the updated e2e screenshots and comment the PR to let the developer know that the updated e2e screenshots could be cherry-picked into their branch.
```
